CoreWeave <> W&B Observability (#1387)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/app/features/panels/line-plot/_index.md

    - For details about each **Display preferences** section, refer to [Workspace display preferences]({{< relref "../#configure-workspace-layout" >}}). At the workspace level, you can configure the default **Zooming** behavior for line plots. This setting controls whether to synchronize zooming across line plots with a matching x-axis key. Disabled by default.

<!-- START -->

> ## Visualize infrastructure issues

Reviewer: Could we move this to the very bottom of the line plots area, as it's the least broadly relevant of anything on the page?

Reviewer: I'd also say "Visualize CoreWeave infrastructure alerts".   CoreWeave should be in the title.

{{< alert>}}

> W&B only surfaces issues that are monitored by CoreWeave clusters. Contact W&B to opt in and to try this feature.

Reviewer: "This feature is in Preview and only available when training on a CoreWeave cluster.  Contact your W&B representative for access."

<!-- Use W&B and CoreWeave to differentiate hardware infrastructure issues from problems with model algorithms.  -->

### Find infrastructure issues in a run

W&B surfaces both SLURM job issues and cluster node issues. View infrastructure errors in a run:

1. Navigate to your project on the W&B App. 
2. Select the **Workspace** tab to view your project’s workspace.
3. Search and select the name of the run that contains an infrastructure issue. One or more red vertical lines with an exclamation mark overlay plots indicating an infrastructure issue. 
4. Select an issue on a plot or select the **Issues** button in the top right of the page. A modal appears that lists each issue reported by CoreWeave. 

{{< alert title="Tip" >}}

> [Pin]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/#customize-how-runs-are-displayed" >}}) the **Issues** column to your W&B Workspace to view runs that logged an issue at a glance. For more information about how to pin a column, see the [Run states]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/_index/#run-states" >}}) table.

Reviewer: Does the run states guide you here? I'd think pinning was about the runs table?

| Category | Example alerts |
| -------- | ------------- |
| Node Availability & Readiness | `KubeNodeNotReadyHGX`, `NodeExtendedDownTime` |
| GPU/Accelerator Errors | `GPUFallenOffBusHGX`, `GPUFaultHGX`, `NodeTooFewGPUs` |
| Hardware Errors | `HardwareErrorFatal`, `NodeRAIDMemberDegraded` |
| Networking & DNS | `NodeDNSFailureHGX`, `NodeEthFlappingLegacyNonGPU` |
| Power, Cooling, and Management | `NodeCPUHZThrottle`, `RedfishDown` |
| DPU & NVSwitch | `DPUNcoreVersionBelowDesired`, `NVSwitchFaultHGX` |
| Miscellaneous | `NodePCISpeedRootGBT`, `NodePCIWidthRootSMC` |

<!-- 
| Category | Overview | Example error |
| -------- | -------- | ------------- |
| NVIDIA HGX | GPU hardware and thermal issues | GPUMemoryTemperatureHigh | 
| HPC Networking| InfiniBand network issues | IBFlappingMultipleNodeInterfaces | 
| FROPS (metal) | CPU performance and power supply issues | NodeCPUHZThrottle |
| FROPS (platform) | Kubernetes node readiness issues  | KubeNodeNotReady |
| Datapath | Data Processing Unit (DPU) network issues | DPULinkFlapping |
| SUNK | Slurm node issues | |
| KNS  | Connectivity update time issues | | -->

> For detailed information on error types, see the [SLURM Job Metrics on the CoreWeave Docs](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/observability/managed-grafana/slurm-job-metrics#job-info-alerts).

Reviewer: cool!

1. Hover over the panel, then click the bell icon.
1. Configure the automation using the basic or advanced configuration controls. For example, apply a run filter to limit the scope of the automation, or configure an absolute threshold.

Learn more about [Automations]({{< relref "/guides/core/automations" >}}).

> ## Visualize CoreWeave infrastructure alerts

Reviewer 2: Nit: This is different from the anchor in the PR description's preview link. Just double checking that you didn't intend to manually set an ID here.

{{< alert>}}
This feature is in Preview and only available when training on a CoreWeave cluster. Contact your W&B representative for access.
{{< /alert >}}

> Observe infrastructure alerts such as GPU failures, thermal violations, and more during machine learning experiments you log to W&B. During a [W&B run]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/_index" >}}), [CoreWeave Mission Control](https://www.coreweave.com/mission-control) monitors your compute infrastructure. If an error occurs, CoreWeave sends that information to W&B. W&B populates infrastructure information onto your run’s plots in your project’s workspace. CoreWeave attempts to automatically resolve some issues, and W&B surfaces that information in the run’s page.

Reviewer 2: In the HTML preview, this paragraph looks a bit big and blocky. I wonder if it would be helpful to move the alert to after "experiments you log to W&B." or after "monitors your compute infrastructure." to break it up.

### Find infrastructure issues in a run

W&B surfaces both SLURM job issues and cluster node issues. View infrastructure errors in a run:

1. Navigate to your project on the W&B App. 
2. Select the **Workspace** tab to view your project’s workspace.

> 3. Search and select the name of the run that contains an infrastructure issue. One or more red vertical lines with an exclamation mark overlay plots indicating an infrastructure issue. 

Reviewer 2: I think this may be easier to parse, but skip it if not. What detemines how many vertical lines there are?
```suggestion
3. Search and select the name of the run that contains an infrastructure issue. If CoreWeave detected an infrastructure issue, one or more red vertical lines with an exclamation mark overlay the run's plots. 
```

> 4. Select an issue on a plot or select the **Issues** button in the top right of the page. A modal appears that lists each issue reported by CoreWeave. 

Reviewer 2: I've recently had feedback from W&B designers that they prefer "drawer" to "modal", but maybe that was only in a specific situation.

{{< alert title="Tip" >}}

> Pin the **Issues** column to your W&B Workspace to view runs that logged an issue at a glance. For more information about how to pin a column, see [Customize how runs are displayed]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/#customize-how-runs-are-displayed" >}}).

Reviewer 2: What do you think about this order? 
```suggestion
To views runs with infrastructure issues at a glance, pin the **Issues** column to your W&B Workspace. For more information about how to pin a column, see [Customize how runs are displayed]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/#customize-how-runs-are-displayed" >}}).
```

{{< /alert >}}

> The **Overall Grafana view** at the top of the modal redirects you to the SLURM job's Grafana dashboard, which contains system-level details about the run. The **Issue** summary describes the root error that the SLURM job reported to CoreWeave Mission Control. The summary section also describes any attempts to automatically resolve the error made by CoreWeave.

Reviewer 2: If the section is labeled Summary, should it be bold?

For a followup, do you think an image of the dashboard would be helpful?

The **All Issues** list all issues that occurs during the run in chronological order, with the most recent issue at the top. The list contains the job issue and node issue alerts. Within each issue alert is the name of the issue, the timestamp when the issue occurred, a link to the Grafana dashboard for that issue, and a brief summary that describes the issue.

> The following table lists the categories of infrastructure issues and example alerts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table shows example alerts for each category of infrastructure issues:
```

| Category | Example alerts |
| -------- | ------------- |
| Node Availability & Readiness | `KubeNodeNotReadyHGX`, `NodeExtendedDownTime` |
| GPU/Accelerator Errors | `GPUFallenOffBusHGX`, `GPUFaultHGX`, `NodeTooFewGPUs` |
| Hardware Errors | `HardwareErrorFatal`, `NodeRAIDMemberDegraded` |
| Networking & DNS | `NodeDNSFailureHGX`, `NodeEthFlappingLegacyNonGPU` |
| Power, Cooling, and Management | `NodeCPUHZThrottle`, `RedfishDown` |
| DPU & NVSwitch | `DPUNcoreVersionBelowDesired`, `NVSwitchFaultHGX` |
| Miscellaneous | `NodePCISpeedRootGBT`, `NodePCIWidthRootSMC` |

For detailed information on error types, see the [SLURM Job Metrics on the CoreWeave Docs](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/observability/managed-grafana/slurm-job-metrics#job-info-alerts).

### Debug infrastructure issues

> Each run that you create in W&B corresponds to a single SLURM job in CoreWeave. You can view a failed job’s Grafana dashboard or discover more information about a single node. The link within the **Overview** section of the Issues modal links to the SLURM job Grafana dashboard. 

Reviewer 2: I'm having trouble understanding this section. To check my understanding, does it mean (not a suggested edit) "If a run had infrastructure issues, you can learn more on the Grafana dashboard. From there, you can view details about each failed Slurm job and the node that ran it"?

> Expand the **All Issues** dropdown to both view and node issues and their respective Grafana dashboards.

Reviewer 2: I think this has a typo or missing word "view and node"

## Visualize CoreWeave infrastructure alerts

Observe infrastructure alerts such as GPU failures, thermal violations, and more during machine learning experiments you log to W&B.During a [W&B run]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/_index" >}}), [CoreWeave Mission Control](https://www.coreweave.com/mission-control) monitors your compute infrastructure.

{{< alert>}}
This feature is in Preview and only available when training on a CoreWeave cluster. Contact your W&B representative for access.
{{< /alert >}}

> If an error occurs, CoreWeave sends that information to W&B. W&B populates infrastructure information onto your run’s plots in your project’s workspace. CoreWeave attempts to automatically resolve some issues, and W&B surfaces that information in the run’s page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an error occurs, CoreWeave sends that information to W&B. W&B populates infrastructure information onto your run’s plots in your project’s workspace. CoreWeave attempts to resolve some issues, automatically and W&B surfaces that information in the run’s page.
```

1. Navigate to your project on the W&B App. 
2. Select the **Workspace** tab to view your project’s workspace.
3. Search and select the name of the run that contains an infrastructure issue. If CoreWeave detected an infrastructure issue, one or more red vertical lines with an exclamation mark overlay the run's plots. 
4. Select an issue on a plot or select the **Issues** button in the top right of the page. A drawer appears that lists each issue reported by CoreWeave. 

{{< alert title="Tip" >}}
To views runs with infrastructure issues at a glance, pin the **Issues** column to your W&B Workspace to view runs that logged an issue at a glance. For more information about how to pin a column, see [Customize how runs are displayed]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/#customize-how-runs-are-displayed" >}}).
{{< /alert >}}

The **Overall Grafana view** at the top of the drawer redirects you to the SLURM job's Grafana dashboard, which contains system-level details about the run. The **Issues summary** describes the root error that the SLURM job reported to CoreWeave Mission Control. The summary section also describes any attempts to automatically resolve the error made by CoreWeave.

> {{< img src="/images/app_ui/cw_wb_observability.png" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/images/app_ui/cw_wb_observability.png" alt="CoreWeave infrastructure issue detected for a W&B run" >}}
```
Maybe this isn't the best specific alt text, but we should set something.

The **All Issues** list all issues that occurs during the run in chronological order, with the most recent issue at the top. The list contains the job issue and node issue alerts. Within each issue alert is the name of the issue, the timestamp when the issue occurred, a link to the Grafana dashboard for that issue, and a brief summary that describes the issue.

> The following table shows example alerts for each category of infrastructure issues:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table shows example alerts for each category of infrastructure issue:
```

For detailed information on error types, see the [SLURM Job Metrics on the CoreWeave Docs](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/observability/managed-grafana/slurm-job-metrics#job-info-alerts).

### Debug infrastructure issues

> Each run that you create in W&B corresponds to a single SLURM job in CoreWeave. You can view a failed job’s [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) dashboard or discover more information about a single node. The link within the **Overview** section of the **Issues** drawer links to the SLURM job Grafana dashboard. Expand the **All Issues** dropdown to view both job and node issues and their respective Grafana dashboards. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each run that you create in W&B corresponds to a unique SLURM job in CoreWeave. You can view a failed job’s [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) dashboard or discover more information about a single node. The link within the **Overview** section of the **Issues** drawer links to the SLURM job Grafana dashboard. Expand the **All Issues** dropdown to view both job and node issues and their respective Grafana dashboards. 
```

> {{< alert title="Note" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< alert >}}
```
